feat: allow to uninstall Helm releases (#2)
recurse-id/eks-helm-deploy-action: README.md

| `name`      | String  | The name of the helm release |
| `flags`      | String  | Additional flags to pass to Helm |
| `chart-path`      | String  | The path to the chart. (defaults to `helm/`) |
| `uninstall`      | String  | Whether to uninstall a Helm release. (defaults to `false`) |

> | `delete-namespace`      | String  | Whether to remove the namespace when uninstall a Helm release |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `delete-namespace`      | String  | Whether to remove the namespace when uninstalling a Helm release (defaults to `false`) |
```

## Example usage

```yaml

> uses: recurse-id/eks-helm-deploy-action@master

Reviewer: should we move this to nirvana-health @recurse-id ?

Author: It must to be a public repository so we decided to host it here for security reasons.
